c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\Swell.xr.xml
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\Swell.exe
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\Swell.pdb
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\Swell.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\Swell.exe
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\Swell.pdb
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\raajit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\Core.dll
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\Core.pdb
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\Core.pri
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\Swell.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\Swell.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\WinRTXamlToolkit.dll
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\bin\Debug\WinRTXamlToolkit.pri
C:\Users\Raajit\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Swell\Swell\obj\Debug\WinRTXamlToolkit.pri.xml
